Update API Readme (#1929)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-portal: api-examples/README.md

## Language Specific Example Scripts

> We have prepared some example scripts for querying ccdl and user datasets. Project and sample computed file example scripts are also available, though computed files are currently deprecated.

Reviewer: You can let the Deprecated warning below handle communicating that.
```suggestion
We have prepared the example scripts below to help get started downloading ScPCA Portal data via API. They have been written to serve as a starting point to demonstrate querying, authenticating, and downloading. Each script has mandatory and optional configurations that can be adjusted to your needs. Please refer to the documentation at https://api.scpca.alexslemonade.org/docs for a complete list of endpoints and how to structure requests.
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Please review the script before running.
> You will need to update the email address variable in order to successfully execute the script.

### CCDL Datasets
> [!NOTE]

> > CCDL Datasets are internally generated datasets with pre-defined project, modality, file format, merged and bulk configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> CCDL Datasets are datasets that are managed and generated by the CCDL. These datasets are provided as "ready to download" and configured by modality, file format, merged and bulk options. These are the "Download Now" datasets on the portal.
```

#### Bash
- [Download CCDL Project Dataset in Bash](./download-ccdl-project-dataset.sh)
- [Download CCDL Portal-Wide Dataset in Bash](./download-ccdl-portal-wide-dataset.sh)

#### Python
- [Download CCDL Project Dataset in Python](./download-ccdl-project-dataset.py)

> - [Download CCDL Portal-Wide Dataset in Python](./download-ccdl-portal-wide-dataset.py)

Author: Let's update the references:
-  List -> "Type CCDL Dataset"
- File names -> "ccdl-dataset-download-type"
- Inside the files -> "Type CCDL Dataset"

> ### User Datasets

Reviewer: Move this before CCDL Datasets and drop "User" from the naming.

> [!NOTE]

> > User Datasets are datasets which are uniquely customized and generated by users, made available for download with uniquely created download links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Datasets are customizable collections of samples across all projects. They are generated on demand and made available for download after processing is complete.
```

#### Bash
- [Download User Dataset With Merged Objects in Bash](./download-user-datasest-with-merged-objects.sh)
- [Download User Dataset With Samples By Diagnosis in Bash](./download-user-dataset-with-samples-by-diagnosis.sh)

#### Python
- [Download User Dataset With Merged Objects in Python](./download-user-datasest-with-merged-objects.py)

> - [Download User Dataset With Samples By Diagnosis in Python](./download-user-dataset-with-samples-by-diagnosis.py)

Author: Let's update the references:
-  List -> "Download Dataset With Type"
- File names -> "dataset-download-with-type"
- Inside the files -> "Download Dataset With Type"

> ### Computed Files (Deprecated)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Computed Files *(Deprecated)*
```

> [!NOTE]

> > As mentioned above, the computed file workflow is currently deprecated and will be removed in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!WARNING]
> Computed Files are deprecated and will be removed in a future release. Please use CCDL Datasets for ready to download workflows.

> [!NOTE]
> Computed Files are downloads that are managed by the CCDL. These are provided as "ready to download" and configured by modality, file format, merged and bulk options.
```
